How did you feel before you popped the question?
Very nervous.
Why?
No, no, I just did.
Just, it's not something you do every day, is it?
Were you frightened and were saying no and then you're destroying the friendship?
Um, well I was worried because I thought, well how would you both feel if she was to
say no?
And then we're living in the same place?
And we're all, yeah as you say, we're all together sort of thing and you'd always be
thinking, wouldn't you?
But as things happened, I didn't have to worry about that for long.
No, it's only after that was when you had to marry me.
Yeah.
How did you feel when you hear them say the word?
I was shocked, I was.
I, I, I didn't think I'd ever be in that situation again.
Never.
I hoped, but like I say, I was happy, it was sort of like a happy sad because as I said
I didn't think we'd ever actually get there.
So yes, the proposal came, but then you're thinking how are we going to get around all
the red tape that comes with it?
Did you leave him waiting?
No, I don't think I did, did I?
Because I keep having more of a little bit of heartburn than I was.
Yeah, no, it was only two or three minutes, but when you're waiting for an answer, two
or three minutes seems a long time.
And then the kitchen staff came in with the dessert in there and they crept round the
door because they knew he was reposing, they all kept knocking and they looked at Steve
and they said, well did she say yes?
He said yes and then Chris from the kitchen came in and he brought in a bottle of champagne
and popped that so that would rub it in.
I've got pictures of that as well, the way the table was done, really nice.
So tell me about this red tape.
It was just the meetings and the meetings and the meetings and would you be better off
in the community and we didn't ever think that we would get two rooms like we've got
now and then that went on for what, three years?
Yeah, it almost got to a stage where all we seemed to be doing was repeating ourselves
each time we went, nothing really was moving.
Nothing was resolved, it was like come to this meeting and you'll get an answer today
but we didn't get an answer, we didn't get a concrete answer, not ever.
So was it just insurance purposes or something else?
We don't know, we'll never know that.
We're not 100% sure really.
So did you move in together after you were married or before you were married?
Well we moved in together only just a few weeks just before because obviously it would have been
more awkward afterwards.
I moved in here in the June and then we got married in the October but that was only because
we took the biggest gamble of our lives and we said right okay we're just going to do it regardless.